# Radcliffe_etal_2024_FEM

This is the latest release of data for reproducing the analyses in the manuscript 'How are long-term stand structure, fuel profiles, and potential fire behavior affected by fuel treatment type and intensity in Interior Pacific Northwest forests?' by Radcliffe, Bakker, Churchill, Alvarado, Peterson, Laughlin, and Harvey, published in *Forest Ecology and Management*. See the main text of the manuscript for complete description of data processing.

This information is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Any user of these data ("User" hereafter) is required to cite it appropriately in any publication that results from its use. These data may be actively used by others for ongoing research, so coordination may be necessary to prevent duplicate 
publication. The User is urged to contact the authors of these data for questions about methodology or results. The User is encouraged to consider collaboration or co-authorship withauthors where appropriate. Misinterpretation of data may occur if used out of context of the original study. Substantial efforts are made to ensure accuracy of the data and documentation, however complete accuracy of data sets cannot be guaranteed. All data are made available as is. Data may be updated periodically and it is the responsibility of the User to check for new versions of the data. The authors and the repository where these data were obtained shall not be liable for damages resulting from any use or misinterpretation of the data.
